Improvement/add context to async options (#247)
async-library/react-async: docs/getting-started/upgrading.md

# Upgrading

## Upgrade to v11

### promiseFn and deferFn unification

The `promiseFn` and the `deferFn` have been unified. They now share the following signature:

```ts
export type AsyncFn<T, C> = (
  context: C | undefined,
  props: AsyncProps<T, C>,
  controller: AbortController
) => Promise<T>
```

Before the `deferFn` and `promiseFn` had this signature:

```ts
export type PromiseFn<T> = (props: AsyncProps<T>, controller: AbortController) => Promise<T>

export type DeferFn<T> = (
  args: any[],
  props: AsyncProps<T>,
  controller: AbortController
) => Promise<T>
```

> The difference is the idea of having a `context`, the context will contain all parameters
> to `AsyncProps` which are not native to the `AsyncProps`. Before you could pass any parameter
> to `AsyncProps` and it would pass them to the `deferFn` and `promiseFn`, now you need to use
> the `context` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference is the introduction of a `context` parameter. The context will contain all parameters
to `AsyncProps` which are not native to `AsyncProps`. Before you could pass any parameter
to `AsyncProps` and it would pass them to the `deferFn` and `promiseFn`; now you need to put them in the `context` instead.
```
